Added documentation regarding `calibration type 6 FAP` (#251)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_r1_icub3_calibration_types/icub_r1_calibration_types.md

### Calibration 6
This calibration can be used for joint with `MAIS` and `FAP` board encoders. On iCub robots, distal and proximal joints use `MAIS`, while `FAP` are employed on ergoCub fingers.
This calibration is used also to calibrate the motor encoder setting its zero to a given position. In this way, the motor controller engine can check that the joint moves inside the rotor limits specified in the mechanical configuration file avoiding dangerous situations like winding to much cable and pushing against the hardware limit.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|`Calibration type`| 6|
|`calibration1`| not used|
|`calibration2`| velocity expressed in iCubDegree/s|
|`calibration3`| 1 if distal joint, -1 if proximal joint. (Any other value is not accepted)|
|`calibration4`| mais/fap raw value read with open hand|
|`calibration5`| mais/fap raw value read with closed hand|
|`calibrationZero`| 0.0 (only value corrected)|
|`calibrationDelta`| defined by user expressed in degree|

!!!info
    **Calibration 6 MAIS** uses `mais` raw values to calculate the joint encoder factor and the offset of 0.0 position.

>     Moreover, it calibrates the motor encoder that is an incremental and for this joints needs to move: the target position depends on value of `calibration3` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Moreover, it calibrates the motor incremental encoder moving the joint toward a target position in a way specified by the parameter `calibration3`.
```
Not clear tried to rephrase. You can accept by clicking the bottom down here.

>     if it is `-1` then the joint move to the position written in `calibration4` else to `calibration5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If it is `-1`, then the joint moves to the position written in `calibration4`, otherwise the joint moves to `calibration5`.
```
